The Git Times — Monday, July 13, 2026
Astryx Design System Unlocks Agent-Ready UI Development
Open internals and agent-aligned tooling bridge human-AI collaboration in component building
AI: PyTorch 2.13.0 Boosts GPU Efficiency with New Attention and Loss Layers
Robotics: openpilot expands to Rivian and Acura with latest release
Cyber: Infisical adds certificate upload and Slack alerts for access requests
Systems: ClickHouse Powers Real-Time Analytics for AI and Cloud Workloads
DIY: GDSFactory 9.116 contributors power open-source hardware design
GameDev: Godot AI bridges MCP protocol for live scene editing via AI assistants
"We are what we behold. We shape our tools and then our tools shape us."
Read today's edition — gittimes.com